[Music]
then the Philistines took the Ark of God
and brought us from ebony Zurita Ashdod
when the Philistines took the Ark of God
they brought it into the house of David
and set it by Dagon and when the people
of Ashdod arose early in the morning
there was Dagon fallen on its face to
the earth before the Ark of the Lord
so they took Dagon and set it in its
place again and when they arose early
the next morning there was Dagon fallen
on its face to the ground before the Ark
of the Lord the head of Dagon and both
the palms of its hands were broken off
on the threshold only Dagon 's torso was
left of it therefore neither the priests
of Dagon nor any who come in to Dagon
house tread on the threshold of Dagon in
Ashdod to this day
but the hand of the Lord was heavy on
the people of Ashdod and he ravaged them
and struck them with tumors both Ashdod
and his territory
the Ark of the God of Israel must not
remain with us for his hand is harsh
toward us and Dagon our God therefore
they sent and gathered to themselves all
the Lords of the Philistines what shall
we do with the Ark of the God of Israel
let the Ark of the God of Israel be
carried away to gaff so they carried the
Ark of the God of Israel away so it was
after they had carried it away that the
hand of the Lord was against the city
with a very great destruction and he
struck the men of the city both small
and great and tumors broke out on them
therefore they sent the Ark of God to
edgren
so it was as the arc of God came to
eccrine that the accra Knights cried out
they have brought the arc of a God of
Israel to us to kill us and our people
so they sent and gathered together all
the Lords of the Philistines send away
the Ark of the God of Israel and let it
go back to its own place so that it does
not kill us in our people where there
was a deadly destruction throughout all
the city the hand of God was very heavy
there and the men who did not die were
stricken with the tumors and the cry of
the city went up to him
you
[Music]